gdal_contour: add page (#8200)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/gdal_contour.md

# gdal_contour

> Create contour lines and polygons from a digital elevation model.
> More information: <https://gdal.org/programs/gdal_contour.html>.

> - Create a vector dataset with contour lines every 100 meter and name the elevation property "ele":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a vector dataset with contour lines spread over a 100-meter [i]nterval while [a]ttributing the elevation property as "ele":
```

`gdal_contour -a {{ele}} -i {{100.0}} {{path/to/input.tif}} {{path/to/output.gpkg}}`

> - Create a vector dataset with polygons every 100 meter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a vector dataset with [p]olygons spread over an 100-meter [i]nterval:
```
